[Applause]
may I begin by saying that I've been
watching watch the Watchmen on HBO and
you were so great in yeah it's a trip
but it is it is I love being on a show
where everyone wears masks but me yeah
when they start running the ads for the
show I was going oh this this is cool it
is cool a damon lindelof who created the
show was I think was his first writing
job was on Nash Bridges rights I believe
that's correct and he was very clever in
how he got me to come in to show he
wrote me a beautiful I mean the most
amazing two page letter telling me you
know what I'm the god of actors and the
handsomest man that he's ever seen you
know just light stuff you know that
gonna bring you in and then I'm gonna
kill ya yeah well you have to be
suspicious and with the Scituate ono
that we don't know is it true that you
at one time had lions and tigers in your
living in your home
oh well Melanie and I when we were
married the first of a dozen times we
her mother has a wild cat right um
rescue these wild animals and and they
should rescue them from people who would
buy them as little Cubs and then they
grew up into three or four hundred pound
lions and tigers and stuff like that and
and they go home it's no longer cute
what do I do with this thing and and she
would take them in you know from
circuses anyway the cats we she ended up
having about 70 cats at one time maybe
more and and they would make and so when
they would when they would mate but if
we did have all these little lions and
tigers and stuff like that and we had to
raise them and so we would melon and I
took him to our apartment we would
yeah we would feed hen baby you know
bottle feed these cats and stuff like
that and then they would get to be about
this big you know before and they'd
sleep in the bed with us and all that
stuff we'd take him out for a walk you
know cuz you got to take them out and
let them do their business and them and
I can't tell you more than one side we
walked by one of the neighbor ladies you
cook well yes that's a half grown
Siberian tiger no like Mike Tyson knows
he is the only other person that I know
that had those do you know my ties I
love Mike Tyson oh okay yeah yeah yeah I
got to tell you I've got to tell you
quickly I I wanted to go see a Mike
Tyson fight and I and I and so I had
this friend Barbara Streisand and I
asked her I said alright yeah okay I
said have you ever have you ever been to
a championship fight before she said no
I'm I've never been I said oh well we'll
go to Atlantic City and we'll see this
fight so we go to Atlantic City and I
have these front-row seats you know
right right
ringside and and it happened to be at
the Taj Mahal
where are our dear leader now is oh
right I had this place yes yes
at any rate so we're sitting on the
front row and and Tyson comes out to to
fight Larry Holmes he walks across the
ring and hits Larry Holmes so hard that
it sounds like a gun going off blood
flies everywhere on mr. Eisen who
proceeds to stand up in her chair and
that's not a good date Wow
so I think that was the last fight she
was that yeah all right she made the
main event also I remember now
speaking of since you mentioned Trump I
wanted to mention this because you still
these are called cigar boats rise that
correct well this one I designed it
would say it's a an offshore racing boat
that at one time I held the world speed
record for four on the ocean at about I
don't know 150 miles now these are your
sponsors and one of the sponsors is
Trump castle yeah did that happen well
actually most of my friends were
sponsors on this boat and Trump who
wanted to be on the boat said I want to
be on the boat let me let me give you
some sponsorship money I said sure these
things are expensive so I took the
sponsorship money he made me make his
name bigger and then he stiffed me on
the money so he's that right that
doesn't sound like him at all how much
does he owe you do you remember
oh boy with interest you should sue him
take him to Judge Judy or something like
that
Beauty will bring him this movie knives
out is a kind of a classic like all-star
murder mystery film with big stars in
this movie I have a list of who we have
Christopher Plummer Daniel Craig Chris
Evan we got Captain America and James
Bond in this movie Captain America plays
my son Captain America's your son how I
was that nasty little thing is that fun
to do a movie with all those people that
way it was the greatest you know one of
the one of the great things you know
when you first get into the business and
stuff you have you do these summer stock
shows and and there's like you always
have the green room where everybody
congregates and hangs out and waits for
their cue and then they go on you do the
business then you come back and
everybody talks and tell stories in the
green room well while we were making
this movie we were shooting in this big
mansion and we had that we were using
the the whole mansion so all we had left
for us was a little green room a little
room about the size of this area right
here down in the basement and the whole
cast would gather down there and we
spent the next two months telling
stories and jokes and and experiences on
sets of course none of which I can share
here there was a lot of love affairs I
got to tell you is that right oh yeah he
only learned everybody's love life no I
think you met in the basement yeah what
you and Captain America have something
going on
he is real Don Johnson everybody knives
out hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am NOT
allowed to eat this cookie until you
click the subscribe button so please
click now I'm hungry